# 🎉 Welcome to the matter.party 🥳

This is the source for [https://matter.party](https://matter.party), which is a community-built directory of matter devices of all kinds.

---

## Contributing devices

To understand the contribution process, it's helpful to understand a high level of how the site is built:

1. The device database is generated from all of the `.md` files found in the `/devices` directory.
1. At build, a script moves through all child directories in that tree and parses each markdown file...
  1. The _frontmatter_ in each file is loaded in to memory.
  1. The format is validated with a test suite.
  1. A templated HTML page is generated and output to `/public/devices` in the same subfolder it was found in.
1. A link to the entry is appended to each relevant index page.


---

## Project TODOs

- [ ] establish a `.md`-based standard for devices.
- [ ] establish a _naming convention_ for these listings
- [ ] build an autogenerated website that...
  - [ ] parses these files, pulling them in to memory...
  - [ ] builds pages for all of the listings
  - [ ] builds indicies from all of the different properties (e.g. index by brand, index by deviceType, etc)
  - [ ] a full text search box
  - [ ] some sort of strategy for keeping images & other metadata
- [ ] set up a gh actions based build pipeline for this
- [ ] publish to gh pages
- [ ] consider some general strategy for parsing the complete list from https://csa-iot.org/csa-iot_products/
  - scrape & parse? is there a simpler way like an api? looks like its all in wp content
- [] build a form that generates PR when someone fills it in
